Update MockTaskContext to support new functions added in Spark-4.0 [databricks] (#11972)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/dev/shims.md

### Compile-time issues

#### Methods added in new versions

> If the new methods are a superset of functionality from previous versions and can be implemented

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
If the base class or trait in the new version just adds new methods on top of previous versions and can be implemented
```
